== Yet Another Monitoring Program
<p><em>What does it do?</em></p>
<p>A web application monitoring app that takes the complexity out of system monitoring.</p>

<p><em>Why do you want this app?</em></p>
<p>You get a lot of SaaS alerts that don’t actually help you do your job. You only want to be alerted when things are actually in crisis mode.</p>

<p><em>Aren't there othering monitoring apps out there?</em></p>
<p>Yes, there are many apps that provide SaaS services. Think of this as monitoring-lite. We are simplifying the information delivery and promising to alert you to serious, serious failures.</p>

<p><em>How will you get your data?</em></p>
<p>You will give us urls/domains to keep an eye out for.</p>


== Description of Contents

The default directory structure of a generated Ruby on Rails application:

  |-- app
  |   |-- assets
  |   |   |-- images
  |   |   |-- javascripts
  |   |   `-- stylesheets
  |   |-- controllers
  |   |-- helpers
  |   |-- mailers
  |   |-- models
  |   `-- views
  |       `-- layouts
  |-- config
  |   |-- environments
  |   |-- initializers
  |   `-- locales
  |-- db
  |-- doc
  |-- lib
  |   |-- assets
  |   `-- tasks
  |-- log
  |-- public
  |-- script
  |-- test
  |   |-- fixtures
  |   |-- functional
  |   |-- integration
  |   |-- performance
  |   `-- unit
  |-- tmp
  |   `-- cache
  |       `-- assets
  `-- vendor
      |-- assets
      |   |-- javascripts
      |   `-- stylesheets
      `-- plugins


== Version Information

  0.3.0 Release Date: 23/Apr/13 
  0.2.0 Release Date: 16/Apr/13 Initial Modeling and Rails Scaffolding; first monitoring task
  0.1.0 Release Date: 09/Apr/13 Wireframes and Mockups

== Authors
  <a href="https://github.com/allynfolksjr">Nikky Southerland</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/serened">Serene Careaga</a>